Update on hypertable limitations (#4274)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/hypertables/index.md

doesn't affect your usual interactions with your $HYPERTABLE, but might affect
the number of chunks you see when inspecting it.

## Best practices for scaling and partitioning

Best practices for maintaining a high performance when scaling include:

> - Having a limited number of hypertables in your $SERVICE_SHORT; having tens of thousands of hypertables is not recommended. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Limit the number of $HYPERTABLEs in your $SERVICE_SHORT; having tens of thousands of $HYPERTABLEs is not recommended. 
```

> - Choosing a strategic chunk size. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose a strategic chunk size. 
```
